two priests are shown at the start of
the film they are performing an exorcism
ritual on a girl named hannah grace who
is only 15 years old actually a
dangerous and strong demon has possessed
that girl but that demon is not freeing
her in spite of performing many
exorcisms on her she kills a priest
during exorcism while lifting him in the
air and throwing him on a statue and
when she lifts another priest in the air
to kill him hannah's father sees that
there is no chance of his daughter's
survival so he kills hannah by placing a
cushion on her face to save the priest
just then a fly sits on henna's dead
body and her hand moves but after that
she looks dead now after this we are
shown a scene after three months where
we see a girl named megan who is the
lead character of this movie megan had
been an ex-police officer when she was a
police officer a criminal kills her
partner in front of her eyes she could
not defend him and because of this she
went into depression and she began to
take pills and alcoholic drinks from
that time that's why she had to leave
her police job and her relationship with
one of his police officer friends andrew
also gets spoiled now over time she
stops taking pills and drinks while
taking therapy and with her friend's
help but megan was still habitual to
take the pills and depression sometimes
but she was controlling herself in some
way in the next scene megan visits a
hospital where she also has a friendly
set who works there as a nurse and she
has also found a job for megan in the
same hospital their megan learns that
her job is in a morgue that tonight's
shift megan have to take photographs of
dead bodies and scan their fingerprints
now megan had been a police officer and
she is mentally strong so she accepts
that job on the very first day megan
comes for her shift and she performs her
job perfectly without any issue then
megan is befriended security guard there
who is very jolly and so megan's first
night duty is passed pleasantly the next
day another security guard arrives with
the dead body of hannah grace he tells
her that i had found this dead body on
an abandoned road where a man was trying
to burn this dead body after
dismembering it later megan takes
hannah's dead body inside the morgue and
she begins to take her photograph and
scanning her fingerprint but suddenly
megan's computer breaks down and she
can't retrieve the dead about hannah's
dead body now megan starts sealing
hannah's body and keeping it inside the
chamber but whenever she tries to keep
it inside something starts moving where
the test tubes kept her fall down now
she starts lifting the test tube but in
the meantime her hand is cut and then
she bandages her hand now megan somehow
puts and his body in the chamber but
while closing the chamber a drop of
megan's blood falls on anna's body now
when megan starts bandaging her hand
again the chamber door opens
automatically megan finds something
wrong here hannah's dead body does not
seem right to her so she searches about
and on her computer where she learns
that hannah was just 15 years old and
her eyes were brown and colorful when
she checks anna's body her eyes are blue
while she is still checking suddenly an
unknown person enters the morgue and
tries to steal hannah's dead body by
intimidating megan but megan manages to
call security guards there and the
security guards catch the man but before
leaving the man was telling megan the
same thing over and over again that she
is not dead now megan goes to close
hannah's chamber again but this time she
notices hannah's body position change
now seeing this megan gets very scared
but lisa comes hurt on saying that maybe
you have a depression again and it is
your first experience in morgue so maybe
that's why this is happening to you the
next day
andrew comes to meet her because he had
known about the incident faced by megan
then the security guard who is megan's
friend guards the morgue on her saying
now he was alone there is megan and her
friend leave from there then hannah's
dead body wakes up now that security
guard gets very scared seeing this then
hannah drags him inside the chamber and
kills him when megan comes back after
meeting her friend she observes that the
security guard is not there then megan
begins to check hannah's dead body and
she observes that hannah's body parts
are restoring themselves and it is
impossible after this she immediately
checks the cctv recording where she sees
hannah's dead body moving from here to
there now seeing this megan gets very
scared and she goes and tells everything
to lisa but lisa doesn't believe her
words this time too and she leaves from
there now as lisa is going up the stairs
drops of blood start falling on her hand
and she glimpses someone on the stairs
she goes to check him considering a
security guard but going upstairs she
sees the dead body of the guard and
there she also sees hannah seeing which
she gets scared and runs to the roof
hannah chases her there and lifts her in
the air crushes her bones and kills her
brutally now when megan is doing her
duty the guard comes there with another
dead body and when he asks megan about
hannah's body she reveals the whole
story to him now hearing all this the
guard leaves comforting her megan gets a
call from andrew because megan had asked
him to check the fingerprints of hannah
he tells her that hannah grace's death
occurred three months ago she is
surprised to hear that if hannah had
died three months ago then how is her
body surviving outside without rotting
and when megan is on call hannah crawls
behind her into the elevator now hannah
is moving down by elevator and when
megan disconnects the call she has no
idea what's going on there on the other
side the security guard is going in the
ambulance when someone is crushed under
his ambulance and when he goes out to
check and it comes from behind him
hannah kills him by trapping him in the
middle of two ambulances on the other
hand megan sees hannah going in the
elevator on the cctv and she now knows
that hannah is down now and what is she
going to do when megan goes down to
rescue the guard she finds that security
guard dead there megan is observing him
there when she gets andrew's call again
he tells her that the unknown person who
had entered the morgue has escaped from
the custody of the police now before
megan can say anything the man comes
there and points a gun at megan that man
was none other than hannah's father who
wanted to burn hannah's dead body to
protect it from everyone here hannah's
father tells megan everything while
crying that the demon which has
possessed hannah's body is not leaving
her in spite of her death he explains
that after hannah's death he tried his
best to destroy her body but every time
the demon used to kill someone or the
other he also tells that hannah is
restoring her body after killing others
and then she goes to sleep for some time
at this time megan believes him and then
they both together decide to burn
hannah's body now when they both take
her to burn her
hannah gets up and attacks megan
hannah's father interferes to rescue
megan but she throws her father into the
fire and when megan is running to save
herself she loses her balance and falls
down then hannah comes and sits beside
her on the other hand andrew also comes
there because megan was not picking up
the call for a long time
andrew finds megan's phone lying down
there on the floor as well as the
guard's body after this he goes to
moored from there and after going there
he calls megan hearing his voice hannah
locks megan into a chamber megan gets
very scared outside andrew finds his
security guard looking for his friend
and while those people are still talking
megan suddenly falls out of the chamber
and when they both go to her
she asks them to leave quickly from
there now when those people are running
away from there henna comes there they
move to the elevator to escape but
hannah catches guard among them and she
kills him then andrew points her gun to
kill her but hannah lifts him up with
her demonic power seeing it megan is
panicked but she encourages herself and
she takes andrew's gun and starts
walking towards hannah shooting her now
hannah gets injured and falls down and
andrew is saved then she asks andrew to
leave from there and and she herself
takes hannah's body to burn and when she
starts burning hannah hannah drags her
into but megan burns her by pushing her
all the way in now the police come there
and rescue megan next we see megan who
has given up drugs and alcohol
completely and she has perfectly healed
now a fly comes and sits on megan's hand
and it is the same fly that sat on
hannah's hand too but megan kills it by
saying i have turned stronger now so no
one can harm me at all the movie ends
here thanks for watching please don't
forget to like comment and subscribe